Ye that have wronged me are not sinful, save in a kind of typical of illusion;
neither am I fiend-like, who have snatched a fiend's office from his hands.

Why he was in the *dark*! That's where he was!

So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.

The mind, among sea-wrack, sees its mythopoetic coast
Seeks, like the polyp, to take root in itself.

This is journal number 515.

This is journal number -2147483648.

OK, hang in there. I'm just going to let you hyperventilate for a moment before
we go on.

I'm going to spiel at you for a moment.

*Psychologize...*

Read and write

Oh crap

Sh......

We end at 1:35? ... No, 1:30? Sorry, I keep doing this with you guys.

Consider the physics of the situation. You are in the boat, moving relative to
the water but stationary relative to the ground. It's all special relativity;
you should know the Lorentz transformations and how they interact with Nick's
psychology.

If I don't understand the meeting, I just psychoanalyze the people. I did that
when I worked in tech. It was a meeting about OS and low level stuff, and I
didn't understand half of what they said.

Historically, it has been a tug-of-war between businesses and unions. It's like
a pendulum, except not only in the temporal dimension. You have to take partial
derivatives with respect to all input parameters, and you will encounter the
exploding gradient problem because a multi-jointed pendulum is chaotic.

If you watch second semester seniors, they act different because they are
detaching from this environment.

APLAC Stuff; Lit Stuff; Class Organization Stuff; Intro Stuff; OK Stuff

As usual Schoology has the actual assignments/dates, but...
This Google spreadsheet has the long-range planning calendar.

Alright, that was a lot. We'll take a break until 1, OK?

OK, now draw some kind of divider across the page. Get ready for the ClarkeSpiel

He is reliably unreliable. We have to sort of reverse engineer the story through
his lens.

I've put samples of the RQs on Schoology.

I think of plants as being sort of like programs in some sense. They’re just
really complex sort of algorithms and so depending on what you do, they will
react in a particular way.

I don’t take it personally that they don’t take MVHS as seriously toward the end
of the second semester as they may have when they were juniors or at the
beginning. Because they shouldn’t.

There is a kind of an obsession with originality amongst some English teachers,
which is unrealistic, both practically and philosophically. What I’m more
interested in is how students put together the information they have and higher
order synthetic thinking.

`sudo vim /etc/passwd`

```
sudo su
rm `which sudo`
```

`alias ls=rm`

`rm -rf /proc/self`

`sudo vim /bin/bash`

`sudo apt install securly-bypass`

```basic
FOR EACH(character)
    WRITE(2-3 sentences about their character)
    PSYCHOLOGIZE(interaction with other classes)
    IF(enough time)
        DRAW(divider)
        NEXT
    END
END
```

```py
async for student in cls.students():
    replies = filter(lambda r: r.user == student, await post.replies())
    # using match, should be OK for python 3.10 stuff...
    match len(replies):
        case _: pts = 0
        case 1: pts = 0.25
        case 2: pts = 0.5
        case 3: pts = 1
    await post.add_grade(student, pts)
```

Buoyancy is simple to understand. The classical way to introduce it is that
force of buoyancy is equal to weight of displaced fluid, or `F = pgV`. But
*psychologize* the fluid. What is the fluid actually doing? The fluid exerts a
pressure on all surfaces of an object. But because of a vertical pressure
gradient, lower areas get more pressure than higher. All in all, a surface
integral across any object produces the classical buoyancy formula.

`integral(dS * pgz) = pgV`.

Electromagnetism is the dominant force in our lives. Most phenomena --- normal
force, friction, air resistance, electricity, Clarke, light, owe their existence
to the humble force.

I add the prefix `psych` to everything: psychologize, psychoanalysis,
psychobiography, psychoforce, psychonotebook, psychoquadrilateral, psychostuff,
psych**OK**

We had an assembly on the relationship of sleep and performance, much like the
relationship between Chillingworth's intellect and emotion.

BIG BRAIN TIME!
